{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0swiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}} \viewkind4\uc1 {\header \pard\plain \s15\qr \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto \adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6843047 \fs14\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 { Luke 1-20 \par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs14\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Luke 1-20 \par }}{\footer { \par \pard \s16\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\rtlgutter\itap0 \f1\fs14 A=According To  |  G=General  |  I=In what book & chapter  |  Q=Quote  |  R=Reference  |  S=Situation  |  X=Context  |  V=Verse \par \pard \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \par\f1\fs14 Unless noted otherwise, Scripture quotations are from the Holy Bible, New International Version\'ae (NIV\'ae). Copyright \'a9 2011 by Biblica Inc.\'99 Used by permission. All rights reserved worldwide.  \par }}\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #1   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. Who were praying outside when the time for the burning of incense came? \par\tab A. All the assembled worshipers (Luke 1:10)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 2. According to Luke, chapter 14, verse 9, what will the host say to you? \par\tab A. "Give this person your seat." (Luke 14:9)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 3. Who should take charge of five cities? \par\tab A. The second servant (Luke 19:19)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 4. According to Luke, chapter 11, verse 16, how did others test him? \par\tab A. By asking for a sign from heaven (Luke 11:16)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 5. Quote Luke, chapter 6, verses 22 through 23. \par\tab A. "Blessed are you when people hate you, when they exclude you and insult you and reject your name as evil, because of the Son of Man. "Rejoice in that day and leap for joy, because great is your reward in heaven. For that is how their ancestors treated the prophets." (Luke 6:22-23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 6. When did Jesus fall asleep? \par\tab A. As he and his disciples sailed (Luke 8:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 7. Whom did the tenants wound and throw out? \par\tab A. A third servant (Luke 20:12)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 8. Finish these verses and give the reference: "While they were there, the. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .time came for the baby to be born, and she gave birth to her firstborn, a son. She wrapped him in cloths and placed him in a manger, because there was no guest room available for them." (Luke 2:6-7)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 9. Situation question: who said it, to whom, and in reply to what: "Go tell that fox, 'I will keep on driving out demons and healing people today and tomorrow, and on the third day I will reach my goal.'"? \par\tab A. Jesus said it to some Pharisees, in reply to, "Leave this place and go somewhere else. Herod wants to kill you." (Luke 13:31-32)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 10. Who never disobeyed his father's orders? \par\tab A. The older brother (Luke 15:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 11. Whom did the people try to keep from leaving them? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 4:42)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 12. Finish these verses: "But I want you to. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins." So he said to the paralyzed man, "I tell you, get up, take your mat and go home." Immediately he stood up in front of them, took what he had been lying on and went home praising God." (Luke 5:24-25)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 13. According to Luke, chapter 7, verse 6, who went with them? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 7:6)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 14. Who had called the Twelve together? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 9:1)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 15. Whom does the master put in charge of his servants? \par\tab A. The faithful and wise manager (Luke 12:42)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 16. In Luke, chapter 10, who was a neighbor to the man who fell into the hands of robbers? \par\tab A. The one who had mercy on him [OR the Samaritan] (Luke 10:36-37)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 17. What will anyone who will not receive the kingdom of God like a little child never enter? \par\tab A. The kingdom of God (Luke 18:17)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 18. With what should soldiers be content? \par\tab A. Their pay (Luke 3:14)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 19. According to Luke, chapter 16, verse 19, how was a rich man dressed? \par\tab A. In purple and fine linen (Luke 16:19)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 20. When will it also be just as it was in the days of Noah? \par\tab A. In the days of the Son of Man (Luke 17:26)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #2   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 1. According to Luke, chapter 12, verse 31, what should you seek? \par\tab A. His kingdom (Luke 12:31)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. Who was a widow until she was eighty-four? \par\tab A. Anna (Luke 2:37)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 3. What is worse than the first? \par\tab A. The final condition of that person (Luke 11:26)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 4. On what are Caesar's image and inscription? \par\tab A. A denarius (Luke 20:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 5. Who kept coming to a judge with the plea, "Grant me justice against my adversary."? \par\tab A. A widow in that town (Luke 18:3)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 6. Quote Luke, chapter 16, verse 31. \par\tab A. ""He said to him, 'If they do not listen to Moses and the Prophets, they will not be convinced even if someone rises from the dead.'"" (Luke 16:31)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 7. Who all alike began to make excuses? \par\tab A. Those who had been invited (to a banquet) (Luke 14:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 8. Where is your reward great? \par\tab A. In heaven (Luke 6:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 9. Finish these verses and give the reference: ""The Spirit of the Lord. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .is on me, because he has anointed me to proclaim good news to the poor. He has sent me to proclaim freedom for the prisoners and recovery of sight for the blind, to set the oppressed free, to proclaim the year of the Lord's favor."" (Luke 4:18-19)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 10. Where will it be more bearable for Tyre and Sidon than for Chorazin and Bethsaida? \par\tab A. At the judgment (Luke 10:14)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 11. According to Luke, chapter 1, verse 29, at what was Mary greatly troubled? \par\tab A. His words (Luke 1:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 12. Whom has Jesus come to call to repentance? \par\tab A. Sinners (Luke 5:32)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 13. Finish these verses: "Once, on being asked by. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .the Pharisees when the kingdom of God would come, Jesus replied, "The coming of the kingdom of God is not something that can be observed, nor will people say, 'Here it is,' or 'There it is,' because the kingdom of God is in your midst."" (Luke 17:20-21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 14. According to Luke, chapter 7, verse 27, where will I send my messenger? \par\tab A. Ahead of you (Luke 7:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 15. What started among the disciples as to which of them would be the greatest? \par\tab A. An argument (Luke 9:46)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 16. Of whom was Shelah the son? \par\tab A. Cainan (Luke 3:35-36)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 17. Situation question: who said it, and to whom: "You take charge of five cities."? \par\tab A. The king said it to the second servant (Luke 19:19)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 18. Who will answer, "I don't know you or where you come from."? \par\tab A. The owner of the house (Luke 13:25)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. For where did the younger son set off? \par\tab A. A distant country (Luke 15:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 20. According to Luke, chapter 8, verse 23, in what were they? \par\tab A. Great danger (Luke 8:23)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #3   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. From where did fire and sulfur rain down? \par\tab A. Heaven (Luke 17:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. To whom do you know how to give good gifts? \par\tab A. Your children (Luke 11:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 3. Quote Luke, chapter 7, verses 22 through 23. \par\tab A. "So he replied to the messengers, "Go back and report to John what you have seen and heard: The blind receive sight, the lame walk, those who have leprosy are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, and the good news is proclaimed to the poor. Blessed is anyone who does not stumble on account of me."" (Luke 7:22-23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 4. According to Luke, chapter 20, verse 26, what did they become? \par\tab A. Silent (Luke 20:26)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 5. Who was the son of Jesse? \par\tab A. David (Luke 3:31-32)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 6. Finish these verses and give the reference: "Many have undertaken to draw. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .up an account of the things that have been fulfilled among us, just as they were handed down to us by those who from the first were eyewitnesses and servants of the word." (Luke 1:1-2)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 7. What will you stand outside pleading once the owner of the house gets up and closes the door? \par\tab A. "Sir, open the door for us." (Luke 13:25)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 8. Situation question: who said it, to whom, and what was the reply: "Lord, if you are willing, you can make me clean."? \par\tab A. A man who was covered with leprosy said it to Jesus, and the reply was, "I am willing. Be clean!" (Luke 5:12-13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. Who had given the child the name Jesus before he was conceived? \par\tab A. The angel (Luke 2:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 10. In Luke, chapter 6, what happened to those troubled by impure spirits? \par\tab A. They were cured (Luke 6:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 11. In what do the Pharisees justify themselves? \par\tab A. The eyes of others (Luke 16:15)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 12. According to Luke, chapter 18, verse 43, what did he immediately receive? \par\tab A. His sight (Luke 18:43)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 13. Whom did the colt's owners ask, "Why are you untying the colt?" \par\tab A. Those who were sent ahead [OR two of Jesus' disciples] (Luke 19:33)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 14. What came down on the lake? \par\tab A. A squall (Luke 8:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 15. According to Luke, chapter 15, verse 24, who was lost? \par\tab A. This son of mine (Luke 15:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 16. Into what did Jesus go on the Sabbath day, as was his custom? \par\tab A. The synagogue (Luke 4:16)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 17. Finish this verse: "He told them, "The harvest. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .is plentiful, but the workers are few. Ask the Lord of the harvest, therefore, to send out workers into his harvest field." (Luke 10:2)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 18. What do the wild flowers not do? \par\tab A. Labor or spin (Luke 12:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. Who was praying in private? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 9:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 20. According to Luke, chapter 14, verse 3, what did Jesus ask the Pharisees and experts in the law? \par\tab A. "Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath or not?" (Luke 14:3)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #4   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. Who beat the servant and sent him away empty-handed? \par\tab A. The tenants (Luke 20:10)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. To whom have all things been committed by his Father? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 10:22)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 3. Quote Luke, chapter 14, verse 27. \par\tab A. "And whoever does not carry their cross and follow me cannot be my disciple." (Luke 14:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 4. With whom is what is impossible with man possible? \par\tab A. God (Luke 18:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 5. What should his servants put on his son's finger? \par\tab A. A ring (Luke 15:22)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 6. According to Luke, chapter 2, verse 1, what should be taken? \par\tab A. A census of the entire Roman world (Luke 2:1)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 7. Finish these verses: "When all the people were. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .being baptized, Jesus was baptized too. And as he was praying, heaven was opened and the Holy Spirit descended on him in bodily form like a dove. And a voice came from heaven: "You are my Son, whom I love; with you I am well pleased."" (Luke 3:21-22)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 8. Situation question: who said it, and to whom: "Who do the crowds say I am?" \par\tab A. Jesus said it to his disciples (Luke 9:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. What can those who kill the body do after that? \par\tab A. No more (Luke 12:4)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 10. At whose feet did one of the ten men who had leprosy throw himself? \par\tab A. Jesus' (Luke 17:16)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 11. Finish these verses and give the reference: "He said to them, "When. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .you pray, say: "'Father, hallowed be your name, your kingdom come. Give us each day our daily bread. Forgive us our sins, for we also forgive everyone who sins against us. And lead us not into temptation.'"" (Luke 11:2-4)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 12. Who was said to be unable to conceive? \par\tab A. Elizabeth (Luke 1:36)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 13. According to Luke, chapter 8, verse 50, who should just believe? \par\tab A. Jairus (Luke 8:50)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 14. In what will his angels lift you up? \par\tab A. Their hands (Luke 4:11)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 15. According to Luke, chapter 19, verse 14, whom did his subjects send after him? \par\tab A. A delegation (Luke 19:14)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 16. When did the rich man receive his good things? \par\tab A. In his lifetime (Luke 16:25)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 17. What should you first take out of your eye? \par\tab A. The plank (Luke 6:42)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 18. In Luke, chapter 5, what immediately happened after Jesus said, "I am willing. Be clean!"? \par\tab A. The leprosy left the man (Luke 5:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. By whom had all the people, even the tax collectors, been baptized? \par\tab A. John (Luke 7:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 20. According to Luke, chapter 13, verse 29, at what will people take their places? \par\tab A. The feast in the kingdom of God (Luke 13:29)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #5   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. Until when did a woman mix yeast into about sixty pounds of flour? \par\tab A. Until it worked all through the dough (Luke 13:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 2. Quote Luke, chapter 9, verse 20. \par\tab A. ""But what about you?" he asked. "Who do you say I am?" Peter answered, "God's Messiah."" (Luke 9:20)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 3. What is easier for heaven and earth to do than for the least stroke of a pen to drop out of the Law? \par\tab A. Disappear (Luke 16:17)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 4. Who replied, "What is impossible with man is possible with God."? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 18:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 5. Finish these verses and give the reference: "Suddenly a great company of. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .the heavenly host appeared with the angel, praising God and saying, "Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests."" (Luke 2:13-14)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 6. How should you lend to your enemies? \par\tab A. Without expecting to get anything back (Luke 6:35)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 7. Who should go down to get possessions inside on the day the Son of Man is revealed? \par\tab A. No one who is on the housetop (Luke 17:30-31)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 8. According to Luke, chapter 8, verse 54, what did he say? \par\tab A. "My child, get up!" (Luke 8:54)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. Through where does an impure spirit go seeking rest? \par\tab A. Arid places (Luke 11:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 10. What can whoever does not carry their cross and follow Jesus not be? \par\tab A. Jesus' disciple (Luke 14:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 11. According to Luke, chapter 3, verse 21, who was baptized too? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 3:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 12. Finish these verses: "He will be great and. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .will be called the Son of the Most High. The Lord God will give him the throne of his father David, and he will reign over Jacob's descendants forever; his kingdom will never end."" (Luke 1:32-33)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 13. According to Luke, chapter 12, verse 37, for whom will it be good? \par\tab A. Those servants whose master finds them watching when he comes (Luke 12:37)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 14. Of whom is Zacchaeus a son? \par\tab A. Abraham (Luke 19:9)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 15. In what did they hope to catch Jesus? \par\tab A. Something he said (Luke 20:20)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 16. Situation question: who said it, to whom, and how: "Blessed are the eyes that see what you see."? \par\tab A. Jesus said it to his disciples, privately (Luke 10:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 17. Who owed a certain moneylender five hundred denarii? \par\tab A. One person (Luke 7:41)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 18. According to Luke, chapter 5, verse 7, who came? \par\tab A. Their partners in the other boat (Luke 5:7)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 19. In Luke, chapter 4, concerning whom will God command his angels to guard him carefully? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 4:10)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 20. Where did the younger son squander his wealth in wild living? \par\tab A. In a distant country (Luke 15:13)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #6   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 1. According to Luke, chapter 2, verse 48, how have your father and I been searching for you? \par\tab A. Anxiously (Luke 2:48)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. Whom were the spies unable to trap in what he had said there in public? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 20:26)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 3. What if you invite your friends, your brothers or sisters, your relatives, or your rich neighbors when you give a luncheon or dinner? \par\tab A. They may invite you back and so you will be repaid (Luke 14:12)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 4. Finish this verse and give the reference: "Then should not this woman,. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan has kept bound for eighteen long years, be set free on the Sabbath day from what bound her?"" (Luke 13:16)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 5. Whom did Jesus give power and authority to drive out all demons and to cure diseases? \par\tab A. The Twelve (Luke 9:1)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 6. What is possible with God? \par\tab A. What is impossible with man (Luke 18:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 7. In Luke, chapter 3, with whom should anyone who has food share? \par\tab A. The one who has no food (Luke 3:11)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 8. Finish this verse: "Blessed are you who hunger. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .now, for you will be satisfied. Blessed are you who weep now, for you will laugh." (Luke 6:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. Whom did Levi follow? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 5:28)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 10. According to Luke, chapter 4, verse 1, what did Jesus leave? \par\tab A. The Jordan (Luke 4:1)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 11. Who must be rejected by this generation? \par\tab A. The Son of Man (Luke 17:25)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 12. When did Jesus weep over Jerusalem? \par\tab A. As he approached Jerusalem and saw the city (Luke 19:41)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 13. Quote Luke, chapter 7, verse 9. \par\tab A. "When Jesus heard this, he was amazed at him, and turning to the crowd following him, he said, "I tell you, I have not found such great faith even in Israel."" (Luke 7:9)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 14. Situation question: who said it, and to whom: "How can I be sure of this? I am an old man and my wife is well along in years."? \par\tab A. Zechariah said it to the angel [OR to Gabriel] (Luke 1:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 15. According to Luke, chapter 8, verse 39, where did the man tell how much Jesus had done for him? \par\tab A. All over town (Luke 8:39)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 16. Who has no place to store his crops? \par\tab A. A certain rich man (Luke 12:17)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 17. What did a Samaritan bandage? \par\tab A. The man's wounds (Luke 10:34)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 18. According to Luke, chapter 15, verse 24, who is found? \par\tab A. This son of mine (Luke 15:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. Whom is whoever is not with Jesus against? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 11:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 20. With what was a beggar named Lazarus covered? \par\tab A. Sores (Luke 16:20)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #7   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. Who pretended to be sincere? \par\tab A. Spies (Luke 20:20)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. Who taught the people on the Sabbath? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 4:31)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 3. Quote Luke, chapter 12, verses 22 through 23. \par\tab A. "Then Jesus said to his disciples: "Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat; or about your body, what you will wear. For life is more than food, and the body more than clothes." (Luke 12:22-23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 4. When did the Lord's heart go out to her? \par\tab A. When the Lord saw her (Luke 7:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 5. According to Luke, chapter 14, verse 15, who heard this? \par\tab A. One of those at the table with Jesus (Luke 14:15)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 6. What is a light for revelation to the Gentiles? \par\tab A. The Sovereign Lord's salvation (Luke 2:32)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 7. Where did Jesus see two boats? \par\tab A. At the water's edge (Luke 5:2)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 8. According to Luke, chapter 19, verse 24, what should you take away from him? \par\tab A. His mina (Luke 19:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 9. Finish this verse: ""No one can serve two. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money."" (Luke 16:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 10. Complete, in essence, the following: "It is like yeast that . . ." \par\tab A. ". . . a woman took and mixed into about sixty pounds of flour until it worked all through the dough." (Luke 13:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 11. Who heard music and dancing when he came near the house? \par\tab A. The older son (Luke 15:25)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 12. According to Luke, chapter 3, verse 3, where did he go? \par\tab A. Into all the country around the Jordan (Luke 3:3)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 13. How did the seventy-two return? \par\tab A. With joy (Luke 10:17)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 14. Who said to them all, "Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross daily and follow me."? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 9:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 15. Finish this verse and give the reference: "Looking at his disciples, he. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .said: "Blessed are you who are poor, for yours is the kingdom of God." (Luke 6:20)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 16. According to Luke, chapter 1, verse 26, what is a town in Galilee? \par\tab A. Nazareth (Luke 1:26)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 17. What region is across the lake from Galilee? \par\tab A. The region of the Gerasenes (Luke 8:26)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 18. Where did Lot leave? \par\tab A. Sodom (Luke 17:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 19. Situation question: who said it, to whom, and what was the reply: "Lord, I want to see."? \par\tab A. A blind man said it to Jesus, and the reply was, "Receive your sight; your faith has healed you." (Luke 18:41-42)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 20. Who said to Jesus, "Lord, teach us to pray, just as John taught his disciples."? \par\tab A. One of Jesus' disciples (Luke 11:1)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #8   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. Who came carrying a paralyzed man on a mat? \par\tab A. Some men (Luke 5:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. What did Anna never leave? \par\tab A. The temple (Luke 2:37)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 3. Quote Luke, chapter 14, verse 11. \par\tab A. "For all those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted."" (Luke 14:11)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 4. According to Luke, chapter 9, verse 54, who saw this? \par\tab A. The disciples James and John (Luke 9:54)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 5. Who replied, "Caesar's."? \par\tab A. The spies (Luke 20:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 6. What were people doing up to the day Noah entered the ark? \par\tab A. Eating, drinking, marrying and being given in marriage (Luke 17:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 7. Finish this verse and give the reference: "John answered them all, "I. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .baptize you with water. But one who is more powerful than I will come, the straps of whose sandals I am not worthy to untie. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire." (Luke 3:16)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 8. According to Luke, chapter 16, verse 14, what did the Pharisees love? \par\tab A. Money (Luke 16:14)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. What will the Holy Spirit teach you when you are brought before synagogues, rulers and authorities? \par\tab A. What you should say (Luke 12:11-12)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 10. What are safe when a strong man, fully armed, guards his own house? \par\tab A. His possessions (Luke 11:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 11. From what Old Testament book does the following quotation come: "I will send my messenger ahead of you, who will prepare your way before you."? \par\tab A. Malachi (Luke 7:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 12. According to Luke, chapter 15, verse 10, what is there over one sinner who repents? \par\tab A. Rejoicing in the presence of the angels of God (Luke 15:10)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 13. To whom did Jesus say, "Today this scripture is fulfilled in your hearing."? \par\tab A. Everyone in the synagogue (Luke 4:20-21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 14. According to Luke, chapter 8, verse 32, what did Jesus give the demons? \par\tab A. Permission to go into the pigs (Luke 8:32)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 15. From where will people come and take their places at the feast in the kingdom of God? \par\tab A. East and west and north and south (Luke 13:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 16. From whom should you not withhold your shirt? \par\tab A. Someone who takes your coat (Luke 6:29)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 17. Finish this verse: ""All things have been committed. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .to me by my Father. No one knows who the Son is except the Father, and no one knows who the Father is except the Son and those to whom the Son chooses to reveal him."" (Luke 10:22)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 18. Who hung on Jesus' words? \par\tab A. All the people (Luke 19:48)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. Whom did Jesus ask, "What do you want me to do for you?" \par\tab A. The blind man (Luke 18:40-41)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 20. Situation question: who said it, and about whom: "He will bring back many of the people of Israel to the Lord their God."? \par\tab A. The angel [OR Gabriel] said it about John (Luke 1:16)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #9   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 1. According to Luke, chapter 3, verse 24, of whom was Melki the son? \par\tab A. Jannai (Luke 3:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 2. In what were people being given up to the day Noah entered the ark? \par\tab A. Marriage (Luke 17:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 3. Situation question: who said it, to whom, and in reply to what: "Have them sit down in groups of about fifty each."? \par\tab A. Jesus said it to his disciples, in reply to, "We have only five loaves of bread and two fish - unless we go and buy food for all this crowd." (Luke 9:13-14)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 4. Whose hand was with John? \par\tab A. The Lord's (Luke 1:66)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 5. How many demons had come out from Mary Magdalene? \par\tab A. Seven (Luke 8:2)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 6. Finish these verses: "Jesus answered, "It is said:. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .'Do not put the Lord your God to the test.'" When the devil had finished all this tempting, he left him until an opportune time." (Luke 4:12-13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 7. Why did the younger son say he would ask his father to make him like one of his hired servants? \par\tab A. Because he is no longer worthy to be called his son (Luke 15:19)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 8. In what are the people of this world more shrewd than are the people of the light? \par\tab A. Dealing with their own kind (Luke 16:8)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. When did Jesus call his disciples to him and choose twelve of them? \par\tab A. When morning came (Luke 6:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 10. Quote Luke, chapter 11, verse 13. \par\tab A. "If you then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!"" (Luke 11:13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 11. Where will you see Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and all the prophets? \par\tab A. In the kingdom of God (Luke 13:28)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 12. Who said, "Sir, what you ordered has been done, but there is still room."? \par\tab A. The servant (Luke 14:22)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 13. According to Luke, chapter 5, verse 16, who prayed? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 5:16)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 14. Whom did a centurion value highly? \par\tab A. His servant (Luke 7:2)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 15. To whom did his master say, "Take his mina away from him and give it to the one who has ten minas."? \par\tab A. Those standing by (Luke 19:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 16. According to Luke, chapter 18, verse 21, what did he say? \par\tab A. "All these I have kept since I was a boy." (Luke 18:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 17. Finish this verse and give the reference: "For where your treasure is,. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .there your heart will be also." (Luke 12:34)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 18. According to Luke, chapter 10, verse 23, what are the eyes that see what you see? \par\tab A. Blessed (Luke 10:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. To where did everyone go to register? \par\tab A. Their own town (Luke 2:3)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 20. Whom will the owner of the vineyard kill? \par\tab A. Those tenants (Luke 20:16)  \par \par\par \column  \pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs24 SET #10   \b0\fs15\par \par \pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 1. Than whom is the one who is least in the kingdom of God greater? \par\tab A. John (Luke 7:28)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 Q \tab 2. Quote Luke, chapter 12, verse 31. \par\tab A. "But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well." (Luke 12:31)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 3. What does someone stronger divide up? \par\tab A. His plunder (Luke 11:22)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 4. What will I make your enemies? \par\tab A. A footstool for your feet (Luke 20:43)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 R \tab 5. Finish this verse and give the reference: "Jesus replied, "What is impossible. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .with man is possible with God."" (Luke 18:27)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 6. According to Luke, chapter 19, verse 21, what are you? \par\tab A. A hard man (Luke 19:21)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 7. Who became pregnant and for five months remained in seclusion? \par\tab A. (Zechariah's wife) Elizabeth (Luke 1:24)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 S \tab 8. Situation question: who said it, and to whom: "What shall I do now? My master is taking away my job. I'm not strong enough to dig, and I'm ashamed to beg."? \par\tab A. The manager said it to himself (Luke 16:3)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 9. Around whom did the glory of the Lord shine? \par\tab A. Shepherds (Luke 2:9)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 10. What did everyone give to God? \par\tab A. Praise (Luke 5:26)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 11. According to Luke, chapter 15, verse 12, what did the younger one say to his father? \par\tab A. "Father, give me my share of the estate." (Luke 15:12)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 X \tab 12. In Luke, chapter 13, when do each of you untie your ox or donkey from the stall and lead it out to give it water? \par\tab A. On the Sabbath (Luke 13:15)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 13. Whom did Jesus ask, "Who do the crowds say I am?" \par\tab A. His disciples (Luke 9:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 14. According to Luke, chapter 3, verse 5, what shall be filled in? \par\tab A. Every valley (Luke 3:5)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 15. Who called out in a loud voice, "Jesus, Master, have pity on us!"? \par\tab A. Ten men who had leprosy (Luke 17:12-13)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 V \tab 16. Finish this verse: "However, do not rejoice that. . ." \par\tab A. ". . .the spirits submit to you, but rejoice that your names are written in heaven."" (Luke 10:20)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 A \tab 17. According to Luke, chapter 6, verse 18, who were cured? \par\tab A. Those troubled by impure spirits (Luke 6:18)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 18. What stands for those with a noble and good heart, who hear the word, retain it, and by persevering produce a crop? \par\tab A. The seed on good soil (Luke 8:15)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 19. Who told his servant, "Go out to the roads and country lanes and compel them to come in, so that my house will be full."? \par\tab A. The master (Luke 14:23)  \par \par\pard\fi-360\li360\f0\fs15 G \tab 20. Who had been brought up in Nazareth? \par\tab A. Jesus (Luke 4:16)  \par \par \par }